docs: restore agent-deck attribution and MIT copyright notice (#1923)
njbrake/agent-of-empires: README.md

## Acknowledgments

> Agent of Empires began as a Rust rewrite of [agent-deck](https://github.com/asheshgoplani/agent-deck) by Ashesh Goplani (originally Go + Bubble Tea) and has since developed independently, with features flowing in both directions. agent-deck is MIT-licensed; its copyright notice is retained in [LICENSE](./LICENSE) and [NOTICE](./NOTICE).

Reviewer: Features did not flow in both directions as far as I'm aware, i saw agent-deck was like 'oh i like that concept but I want to do a total rewrite' and haven't looked at the codebase since. Not sure if agent-deck took some features out of aoe and maybe that's what you're referring to? 

```suggestion
Agent of Empires began as a Rust rewrite of [agent-deck](https://github.com/asheshgoplani/agent-deck) by Ashesh Goplani (originally Go + Bubble Tea) and has since developed independentlys. agent-deck is MIT-licensed; its copyright notice is retained in [LICENSE](./LICENSE) and [NOTICE](./NOTICE).
```
